---
layout: post
title: "[EVENT] 2024 - ISBA's Annual General Meeting 2024"
categories:
  - Events
  - News
tags:
  - Upcoming
---

The board of the International Society for Biomolecular Archaeology (ISBA) would like to announce that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2024 will be held this year on Novermber 18th at 2-4pm BST (3-5pm GMT+2 and 9-11am ET).

A zoom link will be provided to all members. If not a member and wish to attend, please contact the [secretary](/board) via email.

The AGM will be an opportunity to:

- Get information on how your membership fees are being spent
- Future plans for the society
- Vote on the new trustees to our board!

## Call for trustees: would you like to help shape the future of ISBA?

Our board of trustees consists of 12 members elected for staggered 3-year terms. Four trustee positions will soon be vacated and we are seeking expressions of interest from those who are interested in joining the board.

Elections will take place at the September AGM, and once elected, there will be an opportunity for the trustees to fill officer positions, as our:

- Treasurer
- Ombudsperson
- Webmaster

will be reaching the end of their terms.

These positions will be voted on by the board members once all trustees have been elected.
It is therefore important that any trustees be prepared to assume one of these roles.
Board members are expected to attend regular online meetings (at least four of the monthly meetings held each year but more in run up to symposia).
Full details of trustee roles and responsibilities can be found in the constitution document, available [here](https://www.isbarch.org/assets/documents/society/ISBA_CIO_Founding_Constitution.pdf).

We welcome nominations to the board from researchers at any stage of their career.

**Nominations are now closed**
